feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/saxpby` (#12694)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/saxpby/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( arrays )
    Multiplies a one-dimensional single-precision floating-point ndarray `x` by
    a constant and adds the result to a one-dimensional single-precision

>     floating-point ndarray `y` multiplied by a constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a scalar constant and adds the result to a one-dimensional single-precision
    floating-point ndarray `y` multiplied by a scalar constant.
```

    The second input ndarray is modified *in-place* (i.e., the ndarray is

>     *mutated*).

Author: ```suggestion
    The output ndarray is modified *in-place* (i.e., the output ndarray is
    *mutated*).
```

    Parameters
    ----------
    arrays: ArrayLikeObject<ndarray>
        Array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

        - a one-dimensional input ndarray.
        - a one-dimensional output ndarray.
        - a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the constant to multiply `x`.

>         - a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the constant to multiply `y`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the constant by which to
        multiply the input ndarray.
        - a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the constant by which to
        multiply the output ndarray.
```

{{alias}}( arrays )
    Multiplies a one-dimensional single-precision floating-point ndarray `x` by
    a scalar constant and adds the result to a one-dimensional single-precision

>     floating-point ndarray `y` multiplied by a scalar constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Multiplies a one-dimensional single-precision floating-point ndarray by a
    scalar constant and adds the result to a second one-dimensional single-
    precision floating-point ndarray multiplied by a scalar constant.
```
